hi guys so today's video is about high
school pet penis high school pet peeves
are really annoying and today I'm gonna
be showing you guys 8 high school pet
peeves and maybe you guys can relate to
this video because you know maybe you've
done this or like your friends have done
this and if you're a high schooler give
it thumbs up so without further ado
let's get going to this video first pet
peeves that really gets me every time is
people making out in the corner or
people making out in the quad
when people ask you if you have gone and
you say yes and you give them one the
rest of your classmates ask you for gum
and you're just like because it's your
gum you're gonna like waste your gum in
one day and you paid for that and didn't
pay for that
sure
but don't tell anyone because everyone
will want it
hey we're friends yeah
yeah that gets me on my nerves
third pet peeve is tripping in the
hallways this doesn't often happen to me
but for some people it does happen and
if your shoes are untied or just just
like a banana on the floor and slip or
fall in front of other students that's
embarrassing and you might want to have
an excuse for falling when you fourth
pet peeve is when people this gets when
people are walking so slow in the
hallways and you're trying to get to
your class or to your locker
so the fifth pet peeve is when people
have their earphones and when they're on
their phone and you're just calling
their name out and just greeting them
saying hi and then they're just like
they can't even hear you because they're
in their earphones and I'm just like
I'm getting here I'm turning nice hello
okay so the sixth pet peeve is when
people ask to borrow your phone
and they just take selfies a bunch of
selfies
damn we cute vii
pet peeve is when you ask your friends
to look at your phone or look at your
pictures and just automatically you
touch your phone and just scroll through
your pictures and you don't want to let
them see your other pictures because you
know you might have something private
unknown finally the last pet peeve is
when teachers have their favorites in
class and you're not one of them and
hate you they give you F basically
you guys have been doing pretty terribly
that's easy
oh yeah yeah I did great except you
Chris oh great job I got an A+ so I hope
you guys like this video and make sure
to give it a thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe and comment down below if you
guys like this video okay so for the
people that help me thank you so much I
really appreciate it and their social
media links will be posted it down below
if you guys want to check them out
because they're cool people and I'll see
you guys in my next video bye